Doc 4521 (#30)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/data-modeling.adoc

= Data Modeling

== Property prefix

User properties cannot begin with an underscore (`+_+`).

The underscore character (`+_+`) is a reserved prefix for system properties of a document (`+_id+`, `+_rev+` etc.)
A document which contains user properties with a leading underscore will be rejected by Sync Gateway with the following error.
[source,text]
----
"{"error":"Bad Request","reason":"user defined top level properties beginning with '_' are not allowed in document body"}"
----
This rule applies to writes performed through Couchbase Lite SDKs and Sync Gateway REST APIs.
And to writes performed through Couchbase SDKs when xref:shared-bucket-access.adoc[Mobile-Web Data Sync] is enabled.

> Note that in a deployment with Mobile-Web Data Sync and Field Level Encryption enabled, this rule conflicts with the default xref:java-sdk::encryption.adoc#format[field encryption format].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may be an issue in the following scenarios 
- In a deployment with Mobile-Web Data Sync and Field Level Encryption enabled, this rule conflicts with the default xref:java-sdk::encryption.adoc#format[field encryption format].
- Ottoman (ADD LINK) adds _type attributes to the root of the document. So if you are using Ottoman within your app, then you would encounter this issue.

```

Author: suggestion added in https://github.com/couchbase/docs-sync-gateway/pull/30/commits/1b9f9ca71d6a196e510a5d2b4e2433add76ada80

> The recommended workaround in this scenario is to wrap the property prefixed with an underscore in another object whose key isn't prefixed with an underscore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Workaround
The recommended workaround in these scenarios is to wrap the property prefixed with an underscore in another object whose key isn't prefixed with an underscore.
```
